Holy smokes it's Bruno here and you've done once again a fantastic job.
Kaikohe Corp. has seen so much improvement since you've come on board and now you've even improved our
processes.
You're just a super super rockstar.
Seriously we can't thank you enough.
Everybody's excited about you.
I think a promotion is coming very very soon for you.
Let's recap what we've just learned.
If you test and deploy code more frequently it will eventually reduce the risk level of the project
you are working on.
As you can detect bugs and code defects earlier this means they are easier to fix and you can fix them
sooner.
Which makes it cheaper to fix them when you have a C.I. process in place that is hooked into a continuous
delivery system or workflow.
It's easy to share your code and deploy your code regularly this code sharing helps to achieve more
visibility and collaboration between team members.
And eventually this increases the speed and efficiency within your organization.
To recap.
Start writing tasks for the critical parts of your codebase get sea service to run those tasks automatically
on every push to the main repository at any other tests and steps to make sure we minimize errors and
make sure that your team integrates their changes every day and any time the belt is broken.
Fix it as soon as possible and in the end if you follow this process then no matter what your size.
How many lines of code and how many team members you're going to be able to have a successful project.
I'll see in the next one.